[Music]
supera started manufacturing cars in
nineteen fifty four fifty four years
later they got around to putting a
diesel into one of them
[Music]
here we are at the curb the whole motor
bed racing around seems appropriate
roving the silver that has its own
racing pedigree with the impressive it's
won countless World Championships and I
know they're gonna put a boxer diesel
too soon so we're going to take this out
and see what it's like it's a Subaru
magazine the two liter boxer diesel it's
got a hundred fifty horses under the
bombs it's got a co2 factor 151 which
means that your contact is only 290 per
year freebies annual taxes a 2-liter car
of any sort would have been five hundred
ninety that makes a lot of difference in
this day and age because it's got a
boxer diesel engine the engine sits low
on the car very low center of gravity
it's all been drugged I've had this car
now for a couple of days quite ups the
ride the handing mr. bill 'ti it is up
seven seconds of them up to June this
year Subaru only sold 258 cars in
Ireland I think that's about to change
rather quickly
the fuel capacity on the Subaru magazine
is sixty-four liters
I've had this car for a few days with a
full tank and I'm working out that I'm
getting around 950 kilometers to that
tank this car looks great and I love
that air scoop on the bonnet the legacy
is available as a four-door saloon are
this my personal favorite the estate our
Sportster as manufacturers like to call
them now
[Music]
now we come to the interior several have
used good quality plastics here it
doesn't feel like a cheap box of Tic
Tacs
no pump is sitting here very comfortable
lots of room to maneuver
there's loads of leg room in the back I
went to a wedding the other day in this
car Hut my whole family out of
absolutely no problem also the ISOFIX
anchor points are in the car for
children's seats you have to have that
nowadays
[Music]
in the center of the dash you have a
place for your sat-nav which is an extra
on this model under that is the trip
computer on clock then we have this very
good stereo which has an in-dash six CD
player which also plays mp3 and WMA
discs down further we have the dual air
controls which allow each front seat
occupant to set their own comfort levels
we come to the center console everything
is well route unbreak right by your side
we've got two cupholders
we've got a little thing for holding
your coins we've got storage facilities
here and we've got our heated seats
which here that is my only gripe with
this car I do feel that switch she'll be
up there but not the only gripe I can
have this version has a very generous
boot and comes with a rolling load code
[Music]
as you'd expect from a car on this price
range that comes pretty well-equipped
[Music]
as standard you get the following abs
all-wheel-drive front side and curtain
airbags front fog lights 17-inch alloy
wheels electric folding door mirrors
dual zone air con and heated front seats
the drivers also get an 8-way power
adjustable seat all models in Ireland
come with a three-year our 160,000
kilometer warranty which is pretty good
but a lot of manufacturers only offer
two-year warranty as for prices the
saloon model with the boxer diesel
engine you tear the twenty nine thousand
nine hundred ninety five year old oh
this the Sportster calls thirty two
thousand seven hundred ninety five euro
you can add five or six hundred euro on
top of that on you include dealers
delivery charges on metallic paint
this boxer diesel Legacy may not have
tracked the same fans as the cool rally
inspired in Preta
but as a practical family car this has
some great qualities of its own I will
no doubt gain its own admirers